Moderator: Okay, I've started recording. So just like to confirm, are you comfortable? If I record my screen and audio as we talk today.
P31: I am.
Moderator: Okay? And are you comfortable? If we decided to use a recorded clip from our discussion today to share with our Va partners removing any identifying information.
P31: I am. I'm very comfortable.
Moderator: Okay, thank you so much. So I have some questions for you before we look at that form together. Have you ever applied for the program of comprehensive assistance, for family caregivers.
P31: No.
Moderator: Okay. Have you heard of that program before.
P31: I have. And okay, so I am this, I'm a caregiver by profession.
P31: I don't take care. I haven't taken care of any family members. I am a veteran, and one day I will need this care, you know, and and or
P31: I also, as a pro in my professional, with my my company. We have lots of veterans who who get Va. Benefits like the Va. Supplements their hours.
Moderator: Yeah.
P31: For to pay for us.
P31: So I do take care of veterans.
P31: And
P31: and or I actually have a an issue with a family, one of my
P31: clients. His. He's he. He's having some issues getting recertified. So and his he's his wife, is, you know. I'm waiting for that. So in an indirect, weird tangent, tan, tangential way, I I am very oh, and my dad is a veteran. So if I should
P31: need to take care of him. One day.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: I gotcha. Thank you so much for clarifying.
Moderator: So far a veteran. Our veteran correct.
P31: I'm sorry I I am also. I am a disabled veteran. Yes.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Alright. Thank you.
P31: Who's veterans?
Moderator: Gotcha. Okay?
Moderator: Have you ever interacted with the Va for family member benefits before.
P31: Family member benefits.
P31: No, but I'm getting ready to for myself
P31: and and or someone. My, my, I'm I'm thinking it's going to be coming up with my dad because he's his memory is getting very bad.
Moderator: Okay. Gotcha
Moderator: Could you explain?
P31: I don't. I don't know if it'll be me. Well, it would be me helping submit for that. But it would be for my mom, you know
P31: my mom would be the family caregiver, you know.
Moderator: Gotcha. Okay?
Moderator: Could you explain to me in your own words what it means to have a caregiver.
P31: Oh, well, to have a caregiver is to well.
P31: I would say as a fan as a family caregiver, because I I started out as a family caregiver before I became a professional one. I I
P31: was kind of the daytime caregiver when my aunt had to work, when, while when my grandmother was in the last stages of kidney failure and dementia. Luckily the dementia was early, but the the kidney failure was late, so in the final months of my grandmother's life. I helped take care of her you know, just getting her to and from the bathroom, keeping her company, making sure she didn't wander. And
P31: I would say, basically, you know, assisting them with with meals. Daily living tasks, you know, getting dressed.
P31: You know. Social engagement, that sort of thing, running errands, shopping.
P31: Nothing, nothing ideally, nothing with with that would be be medical but
P31: like medication reminders. That sort of thing.
Moderator: Okay, gotcha
Moderator: and what method do you like to use to learn more about caregiver programs and benefits that your family may qualify for how do you kind of look for that kind of information?
P31: Oh.
P31: okay, so I I have. I have a
P31: kind of email alerts set up for like health and human services.
P31: In that department because of again, as a professional caregiver. I like, I have my hands in a lot of different. I've been in
P31: pretty much every version of caregiver, you know, you know you can think of from live in to.
P31: you know. Just
P31: you know private caregiver, that sort of thing. But
P31: I'm sorry. What was the question?
Moderator: How do you like to learn about those kind of benefits from the Va.
P31: Oh, yeah, yeah. So so the basically. So let me be clear. I'm autistic. And adhd, so I I like to just info dump, and and absorb myself with any of any of the the things that I have special interest in caregiving and dementia. And and you know the cognitive type
P31: issues of the brain. You know, learning differences. Those are some of my special interests. So I Youtube.
P31: I'll watch. I have several Youtube videos that I'll I'll kind of watch.
P31: I like to do. I like to. I I like to go to the the official sites like associations for dementia, you know, like official and and or like reading studies, even, you know. Medical
P31: papers on, you know, published papers. I try to go to the, to the source wherever possible. But sometimes that gets a little too technical. So
P31: but the Va actually a lot a lot of times. The Va website, is it? I didn't say.
P31: Yeah, I there's a there's a lot. I I end up getting from the Va that like just my email alerts from the Va. Care the I'm on the caregiving Newsletter Letter, so I get all of those, and webinars are my favorite
P31: so I do a lot of webinars.
Moderator: Gotcha are those Va hosted webinars, or other.
P31: Some in some are hosted elsewhere, in other, like local organizations.
Moderator: Okay. Gotcha.
P31: Anywhere I can get them for free
P31: cause. I can't pay for it.
Moderator: Understand that?
Moderator: So if you are completing a form to apply for caregiver benefits like the one we're going to go through today. What information do you think they would want to know about
Moderator: program before completing the form.
P31: like possible assistance that I could get.
P31: The
P31: any information I need for the form, you know.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Gotcha.
P31: Instructions.
Moderator: Okay. Anything. Else.
P31: Oh, I was, gonna say, just basic basic like all my primary like
P31: I'd I'd I'd expect to have all my contact information in order.
Moderator: Okay.
P31: You know, for.
Moderator: Alright, gotcha, thank you so much.
Moderator: So now we're gonna switch gears, and I'm going to send you the link to the testing site. I will put that in the Zoom chat.
Moderator: so let me know if you need any help finding it. I just sent it.
P31: Yeah, here got it.
P31: I am loading.
P31: Should I share my screen as soon as I
P31: once you.
Moderator: That link open. Yes, I'd like you to share your screen.
P31: Share
Moderator: It will ask you what you want to share.
P31: Screen. Okay, yeah. Screen. You think screen would be the 1st one
P31: there. Okay, wait. Oh, yeah. Can you see me.
Moderator: I can see your like home screen of your phone.
P31: Okay. Great.
Moderator: Perfect.
P31: So this is the thing. Okay.
Moderator: Perfect. Thank you so much.
Moderator: So I just want you to review this 1st page here and tell me what your thoughts are about it, and what kind of expectations you have of the form before going forward and applying.
P31: This is exactly what I want. I wanted to learn today. You have no idea.
Moderator: About the program you mean.
P31: Yeah, about this this form. Yeah, this is pretty much. Yeah.
P31: it's great stuff.
P31: The social.
P31: Okay? Great.
P31: Each family member
P31: records. Okay?
P31: And I have.
P31: Yeah, of course. Yeah. Power of attorney. Yeah, that's the other thing. I'm sure. Legal documents.
P31: Yep.
P31: okay.
Moderator: Was there anything that stood out as being confusing or particularly helpful?
P31: Knowing that I need to get my power of attorney and and
P31: legal documents in order.
P31: That's good.
P31: learn. And and then I can, you know, you know. Look at the
P31: learn more.
P31: That's
P31: the the gathering, the information and and and or the the I need to share the Va medical records.
P31: Oh, like, I need to share which? Okay, that. So this is work a little confusing to me. You'll also need to share share the Va. Medical Center, where the veteran receives care. So I would.
P31: I was thinking that like, I need to go fill out a form. And and of course this is me because I I just over complicate things. I was gonna need just go like contact my my Va and and share share it. But it makes sense that I just need to know the name of the but it was it. I feel like it. It. That was a little confusing.
Moderator: Okay. Good. To know.
P31: Maybe share the name of the Va center
P31: or share the location. Yeah, something like that might be more.
Moderator: Yeah, it's helpful. Thank you.
P31: This is, that's that's the thing I needed. I'm gonna just open that in a new tab
P31: for later.
P31: Wait. Is this a fake one or no, or or would that link work like in real time.
P31: like for real world.
Moderator: The link will probably work. But it will still be on our staging website, which is like the test website.
Moderator: So actually, if you want. I will just send you the live form link.
P31: Only.
Moderator: That you have that saved.
P31: Super lowly. Thank you.
Moderator: Sure. Just give me a sec to grab that.
P31: That day.
P31: Oh, there's chat.
Moderator: Alright. I'm gonna send you like the Intro page about the caregiver program. There's a link on that page to apply.
Moderator: So we won't use this for this session, but I just want you to have it as the staging. It's not gonna actually let you submit an application on there.
P31: No, that's still. Is this a staging? No, that's not staging. Where's the staging one to go?
P31: Where did my staging window.
Moderator: I have to open it again. I don't see it.
P31: Yeah, yeah.
P31: there we go.
P31: So can I just start my application.
Moderator: Yeah. Just one more question about this.
P31: Sorry.
Moderator: On a scale of one to 5, 1 being the worst and 5 being the best.
Moderator: how prepared and informed do you feel about the application you're about to begin, based on that page's content.
P31: Well, for I would say if if I was actually submitting a form like 1 1 to 5.
P31: 1 1 being not at all ready, and 5 being completely ready.
Moderator: Yeah.
P31: Okay, I'd say like 3,
P31: but but if I can make it up definitely 5, it's just because I I it's a you know the I wouldn't have the power of attorney stuff, so I wouldn't be able to fill it out.
Moderator: Okay. So the only reason you're
Moderator: you don't think you have the right document, and you think you need a power of attorney in particular.
P31: Right? Right?
P31: So I'd want to get that first.st But yeah, but I mean, for our purposes.
P31: 100% ready.
P31: I got.
Moderator: Thank you. That's helpful.
Moderator: Alright. So now you can start the application as though you're applying
Moderator: and just a reminder. This is a testing site. So you don't have to worry about any of the information that you were entering. Going anywhere. You can use real or fake information. Whatever is easier for you. I'll give you a fake social security number to put in when we get there.
Moderator: Just continue thinking aloud as you go through the form. I want to hear about any reactions that you're having.
P31: So I'm going to fill this out as if it's my dad.
P31: Okay.
P31: Keith.
P31: not
P31: February.
P31: Okay.
P31: You want to give me a social.
Moderator: Yep, 3, 2, 1,
Moderator: 4, 5, 6,
Moderator: 7, 8, 9.
P31: I think I need one more. No. No. 4, 5, 6. Yeah, no, that's right.
Moderator: I might be good with that if it was yep. Okay.
P31: Yep, yep.
P31: Hmm.
Moderator: Why are you pausing on this one.
P31: Oh, okay, I'm trying to remember what county they're in. It's Louisville, Texas, den County.
P31: just blanked for a second. You know, it's 1 of those moments where you just forget your 1st name.
Moderator: No, I I don't really keep the name of my county, you know, in the front of my mind, either.
P31: Well, yeah, and this would be the I'm in a different county than my parents are. So.
Moderator: Yeah. Gotcha. Okay?
P31: Yeah.
P31: Let's see. 2, 4, 5, 5, 7, 6, 9, 7
P31: (214) 557-9736.
P31: there we go. Let's just.
Moderator: Would you have difficulty getting your dad's email address.
P31: But
P31: no well, no, because that was that's actually something.
P31: I I would actually, you know I would. I would probably go go use his gmail.
P31: So I have that in here.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: like, your phone contacts for it.
P31: Yeah, yeah.
Moderator: Okay.
P31: That's fine!
Moderator: For the purpose of the form. I just wanted to know how you would find that information.
P31: Actually no, that is the one I have for him.
P31: dismiss. Sorry now my alarm goes off for you.
Moderator: Oh, I probably had. It set 1 h difference!
P31: And
P31: 6, 2 0 1.
P31: That would be the Denver clinic.
P31: Did they move.
Moderator: Does that not look right to you.
P31: No. The Denver clinic was 2, 2, 2, 2, 3 Colorado Boulevard.
P31: Now it's 2, 3, 2, 2. San Jacinto.
Moderator: Okay, so.
P31: I'm wondering if they moved.
P31: What would you.
Moderator: Verify that.
P31: I'm actually gonna
P31: yeah, I I would actually, in this case, I would. I would just do the Dallas Va Medical Center.
P31: But because that's the that's the that's the
P31: hub, you know.
P31: Because that it didn't just has an outpatient clinic. So Dallas would actually be his Va. His Va. Facility.
Moderator: Okay. Gotcha.
Moderator: Oh.
P31: Which.
Moderator: How would?
P31: For benefits.
P31: Oh, sorry! Go ahead!
Moderator: Just gonna pause you there for a second. How would you rate that process of selecting a facility, one to 5, 1 being the worst and 5 being the best. How how is that process?
P31: Oh, 4!
P31: Oh, wait! Wait! 5 being the best.
Moderator: Yeah.
P31: Yeah, 4. 4. Now.
Moderator: Okay. Why would you rate it? That.
P31: Because it was, it had all, all the different facilities listed.
P31: Well, actually, I'm gonna drop it down to 3, because it the the question like the the specification. Well, this is, I guess it would be where my primary clinic is. So yeah.
Moderator: But where you came from.
P31: Mostly it's mostly the making it up. For my dad. Part, I'm kind of doing this half with me in mind, you know, of where I go, and because he doesn't actually go to the Va.
Moderator: Okay.
P31: Would I like to?
P31: There can only be one. No.
P31: let's say yes.
Moderator: What does the term primary caregiver mean to you?
P31: I would like in in my case, I'm I'm gonna I'm saying, yes, because I'm gonna pretend I'm I'm actually my mom. But
P31: it it would be whoever's living with him
P31: in the same house.
P31: and with him the most.
Moderator: Okay, Gotcha, let's go through a scenario where we are. The primary caregiver on the application can be you or your mom. Whatever's easier.
P31: Okay.
Moderator: Just keep thinking.
P31: Got both of us.
P31: She doesn't have a suffix.
P31: September 17, th
P31: 1955. Female!
P31: How's that great.
Moderator: I think so. Yep.
Moderator: Just needs to be a certain amount of digits.
P31: Yeah,
P31: one.
P31: Same addresses for that home.
P31: 1, 68, county denton yep
P31: is it the same yep, that would be correct
P31: primary character with phone number.
P31: Yes. Oh, yeah, definitely want to do that, because that'd be the secondary.
P31: 3.rd
P31: Hmm, hang on
P31: counter.
P31: No, no, no, no, this is not secondary purposes.
P31: Terrence.
P31: Secondary. Yes.
P31: Stacey.
P31: yeah, sure.
Moderator: What does a secondary caregiver mean to you?
P31: anyone who would be doing like respite for the primary.
P31: or just checking in, you know, a couple of times a week.
P31: you know.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: And how do you think that that secondary role differs in the application process and the benefits from the primary caregiver.
P31: How it differs in the application process. So far it hasn't been different.
Moderator: Do you think that the benefits would be different?
P31: Oh, yeah, definitely, definitely, 100%.
P31: But I'm not sure which way it would go, because it would feel like the primary caregiver. But they do. They do weird things in the health and human services like your your family member can't be your primary caregiver
P31: for some reason or and get paid for it, but I would think ideally the primary caregiver would
P31: get more of the money, and a secondary caregiver would
P31: just be there for, like respite, or something, you know less benefits.
Moderator: Okay, thank you.
Moderator: Can keep going through.
Moderator: I'm curious. If you were completing this form for real for your dad, how would you coordinate. Getting this information from everyone involved.
P31: Well, so far I have it all. Why is this doing that? Oh, oh, I'm drawing, that's what it is like. What am I doing.
Moderator: Beautiful.
P31: So is it getting? It's all getting just messy. Let's see undo
P31: and do, how does
P31: stop annotation? There we go. Got it. Okay, can I just move this? Okay, here, there we go. It keeps getting in my way. And I'm touching it.
Moderator: That's funny.
P31: That's not your fault. That's just.
Moderator: No.
P31: Internet.
Moderator: It's a little tough on mobile.
Moderator: so it seems like you kind of know everything, or you have it in your contacts. Would you.
P31: No, I mean, yeah, I I mean, for for me, cause I I do a lot of this stuff from
P31: you. Know. I I keep all all my forms, you know. Auto fill for family members and stuff in in common, you know.
Moderator: Yeah, what about the social security numbers for.
P31: I would have them, or well, I'd probably need to ask my mother
P31: and father for their theirs. But I do have my sisters funny enough.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Gotcha.
P31: And mine, of course.
P31: No, she's not
P31: teenth.
P31: Get it.
P31: daughter.
P31: There.
P31: Okay, yeah. Yeah.
P31: Okay. Then that would not be hers.
P31: See?
P31: There you go. See? See how I got all, all my addresses
P31: already on Autofill.
P31: This is cause. This is actually her information.
Moderator: Nice, that's very handy.
P31: I know I love it. It's it makes things so much easier.
P31: yes.
P31: and
P31: 4, 6, 1 0.
Moderator: Do you know what browser you're using? Is it Google Chrome?
P31: Yeah, it is. It is.
Moderator: Gotcha. Thank you.
P31: This is where I'm gonna have to go
P31: my phone contacts and see what my brother in law's phone number is. Let's see.
P31: Yes, my brother-in-law's name is Billy Dean.
P31: One word 308, 8, 9, 1, 8, 1st phone number. I didn't know off the top of my head.
P31: Obviously I don't call him much.
Moderator: Yeah.
P31: Secondary. Okay, so Stacy's is Nope, that's
P31: DP.
P31: Yep. P. Yep.
P31: you have to go to hers.
P31: I keep very detailed contact record,
P31: information for people.
Moderator: Very impressive.
P31: Yeah, see? Yeah, yeah, wait. Wait. Was it? Actually, I don't. I think I had it saved.
P31: I wonder
P31: maybe I don't have her social security number anymore.
P31: Thought, I did.
P31: Okay.
Moderator: We do at this point.
P31: Yeah.
P31: we're pretending under email.
P31: there we go.
P31: Okay. So.
Moderator: Yeah, I just want you to look over this page and tell me what you think. What do you think it's asking.
P31: Okay? So basically it does. He does it. Does he have the faculties to sign it himself?
P31: And or do I have medical power of attorney to sign for him.
P31: If you select that, you're the veterans representative.
P31: Yeah.
P31: a representative.
P31: I'm going to pretend I'm a representative.
Moderator: Okay.
P31: Of what's the legal authority?
P31: So uploading? Let's see if we don't have one of the documents here. Add power attorney.
P31: legal documents, signer certificate, and pretend to have a fire power of attorney.
P31: Do do, media picker.
P31: fake power of attorney. Let's see this. You can. You can have my lease as my fake power of attorney.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: so I'm curious. If you came to this page, and you're really trying to fill this out for your dad.
Moderator: what kind of document. Would you upload.
P31: A power of attorney.
Moderator: But you don't have.
P31: My links.
Moderator: Do you? Do you or your mom have that.
P31: I'm saying I'm in this world that I'm I'm pretending. Yes, I do. And that would be something. Yeah, it was if I was signing it as his as someone who had that I would. Yeah, I would. I would. I would always have a copy of that on my phone.
Moderator: Yeah, okay.
P31: Anyone any of their legal documents I would have on my I would have copies of.
Moderator: Okay? What if you're filling it out for your dad and you do not have a power of attorney? What would you do.
P31: I
P31: I would contact my mother and ask her if she da does, and or
P31: as you know.
P31: ask her to.
P31: It's
P31: m
P31: go about getting one if she needed to get one.
P31: I'm actually pretty sure cause they they're kind of meticulous about these things. They have them. I'm sure they have them filed away somewhere.
P31: I just don't know how how well they keep their records, but I know they've they've done all this paperwork. Dnr stuff, you know all the they have all that stuff
P31: for each other.
Moderator: Okay. Gotcha.
P31: So. And and they're actually very tech. Savvy? Funny enough. My parents were on the Internet before the Internet existed. So yeah, they're huge computer nerds. So yeah, they're they're they're more technically savvy than I am when it comes to computers. At least.
Moderator: And for them. So in your own words, what would you expect to happen next?
P31: I would hit continue
P31: good
P31: because I'm up
P31: in this
P31: in this world. I've I've got the form, and I've uploaded it.
P31: If I had any other forms that they needed, or that were on the list, I would upload those as well just to be safe, because I like redundancy.
P31: But yeah, I mean, can continue.
Moderator: Yep. Go ahead!
P31: Okay, yeah, I'm reviewing.
P31: Enter your name
P31: to sign as the veterans representative.
P31: So
P31: actually, I'm I'm I'm going to be.
P31: She's going to have the power of attorney.
P31: Hi, sir, Hi, yep.
P31: Frame maker, 18, yep.
P31: okay, I was like, is this repeating, or, did I just do that wrong
P31: that that's oh, wait. No, no, no, okay. Primary. Got it. Okay. So secondary
P31: gotcha. So this one's me.
P31: Yeah.
P31: Lynn.
P31: okay, here.
P31: Additional secondary. Yeah.
P31: It's
P31: Stacey
P31: and submit.
P31: Right?
P31: Okay.
P31: Figured
P31: that one didn't technically say full name.
P31: It just says, Enter your name.
Moderator: Helpful feedback. Thank you.
Moderator: Yeah.
P31: Oh, it did it again. Weird.
P31: So
P31: yes.
Moderator: What do you think about this.
P31: I'm thinking.
P31: Patricia Sue, Lockhart.
P31: Oh, maybe it's a space at the end.
P31: Nope.
P31: leave us out, of space.
P31: hmm.
P31: there is a space. I bet.
P31: Yep.
P31: okay, I'm stuck.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: that is.
P31: That would maybe refresh my page.
P31: reload. That does.
Moderator: It's going to erase everything. Oh, actually, it took you back to the beginning.
Moderator: That's okay. We were about done, anyway.
P31: Okay. Great.
Moderator: You can actually stop sharing your screen if you're able to do that.
P31: Okay.
P31: where? Where did my thing go?
P31: M.
P31: I don't.
P31: Oh, there it is! Is that it? Yeah, there it goes.
P31: It. It went away. It hid. It was hiding from me.
Moderator: Yeah, I did.
Moderator: It's definitely wonky on mobile.
Moderator: So on that last page that you were trying to fill out. What were your thoughts about why it was giving you all those errors.
Moderator: Can you hear me? Okay.
P31: I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
P31: Yeah, I'm thinking I would think it'd be thinking it's an error.
Moderator: But you don't know why.
P31: I don't know why. No.
Moderator: Okay, thanks. That's helpful.
Moderator: And then what would your comfort level be with filling that out and signing for people who are not present.
P31: I wouldn't.
Moderator: Wouldn't do it.
P31: No.
Moderator: What would you do if you had to fill that out for real.
P31: I would I would make sure all 3 of us were present and and did it together.
Moderator: Yeah, that's helpful.
P31: Or or maybe a phone call.
P31: At least I don't know.
Moderator: okay.
Moderator: I'm gonna share the final like confirmation page that would come up because we can't even get to that in the prototype, anyway, and we lost our spot, so I will share one. I just want to get your feedback on it.
P31: Okay.
Moderator: Can you see this? Okay? Do you need me to zoom in.
P31: Oh, oh, you're sharing a screen. Gotcha. Sorry I thought you were putting it.
P31: I don't know why I was thinking a link. Yeah, okay, yeah.
Moderator: Actually, I found a mobile version of it that you'll be able to see better.
Moderator: Let me switch to that.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: alright.
Moderator: is this right? No, it's not sorry.
Moderator: And.
P31: This is fine.
Moderator: Okay. Can you see it? All right? Can you read it?
P31: Yeah, yeah,
P31: I can zoom in and out as I need to.
Moderator: Okay, so I just want you to describe to me in your own words what this page is telling you happened and what comes next in the process.
P31: That I completed my application successfully.
P31: I would print this page.
P31: So I had a record.
P31: and I would expect that someone is going to
P31: contact me
P31: to discuss this application eligibility.
P31: If you give your email address. Oh, yeah, thank you.
P31: gotcha.
P31: They can contact.
P31: I would. I would definitely click that link right there. The learn more about family caregiver program decision reviews and appeals.
Moderator: Okay, why is that.
P31: Because I'm always wanting to learn more. I don't know. I like I like to figure knowing it. I like to know things in advance, like you know what the process is. I like to know how things work and what like timelines. And I like I I'd probably
P31: I wanna add, add the contact information so that it wouldn't be in my, it wouldn't come to my spam folder.
Moderator: Okay. Gotcha.
P31: And then it would probably go right to that. That link to the the program of General caregiver support services.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Yep.
P31: Shit. Where'd I go?
P31: Sorry. Who lost it? Okay, got it?
P31: And
P31: your routine? Okay, yeah. Looks good.
Moderator: Okay. Is there anything that you would want to see here that you don't.
P31: No.
P31: I mean, yeah, no, because I I
P31: I'd I'd print the page. So
P31: maybe
P31: actually I would.
P31: No, no, no, actually no cause I could. I could, just because I could print print the page and then save it as a Pdf on my phone. So yeah, that's exactly what I would have done.
Moderator: Okay, gotcha
Moderator: alright. Thank you so much for your feedback on that. Just have like a couple of final questions. So now that you've seen the form. What research would you do before applying and completing a form like this?
P31: I would go and read through that an entire website about program.
P31: care and all that stuff.
Moderator: The links that you just saw on that page.
P31: yeah.
P31: yeah, I would venture down, probably a 2 to 3, h, rabbit hole reading every that's just me, I'm, just weird like that. I like to know as much stuff as possible about the process and the options. And you know.
P31: okay.
P31: if I'm not going to qualify, I don't want to apply, you know. I I like to. I'd like to know that I'm going to apply because I don't waste a bunch of time applying. If I'm not going to get it.
P31: Yeah.
P31: And I don't wanna waste all time. Yeah, I I yeah, that's that's just me.
Moderator: Gotcha would you want to have help with someone? Would you want to have help filling out this form from someone like an accredited representative, or a Vso or someone else from the Va.
P31: That. Yeah, that's I always want to do that
P31: always. Because, yeah, I mean, that was, yeah, since I applied. That's since I applied for my benefits originally. That's that's that's the main way I want to apply for anything, is it? With a so.
Moderator: Okay, why do you like.
P31: Just just because I I know when it comes to
P31: the government, you know, it's
P31: it's very easy to slip through the cracks. The Va has
P31: really healed up a lot of that. Those issues from like when I applied, you know, 13 years ago. To to today it definitely streamlined it and and automated it a lot better. But
P31: I just I feel better, knowing that someone who knows how to fill those forms out and does does it every day?
P31: When would.
P31: you know, be able to
P31: help.
Moderator: Okay, Gotcha.
Moderator: what were your thoughts about the amount of information that was provided in the form? Did you think it was too much too little, or just enough.
P31: Just enough.
P31: possibly
P31: on the
P31: too much side.
Moderator: Okay.
P31: just as far as the like. The names and stuff.
Moderator: Okay, like the information that it was asking of you.
Moderator: Do you mean.
P31: Oh, no, I mean like
P31: like having some some such like the 1st middle and last name, you know.
Moderator: Yeah.
P31: They were so spaced out. There was a lot of words, for like like, I'm used to seeing the form words like.
P31: you know, all of us on one line, you know.
Moderator: I gotcha.
P31: And or you have the box, and it'd be like, last 1st name. Yeah.
Moderator: Yeah, okay, that's helpful.
Moderator: Is there any information about who qualifies to be the primary and the secondary caregiver that you would like to see.
P31: That would. Yeah, that would that 100%. That'd be part of my rabbit hole of the program information and
P31: how it works. And and and and also professional. You know, the ability to bring on professional caregivers, you know, whenever possible
P31: or whenever needed.
P31: Okay.
Moderator: Gotcha. Do you have any additional feedback about the form? We looked at.
P31: Hello.
P31: this.
P31: Just just that. I want all the official ones. Okay, wait. I wanna make sure I have the the official one pulled up for? Yeah. Okay, good. That's.
Moderator: We have the one that says, va.gov not staging.va.gov.
Moderator: You see that.
P31: Yeah, I'm just gonna copy and paste it because it keeps
P31: taking one and out. Let's see.
P31: copy
P31: here.
P31: That's the staging.
P31: not Sd.
Moderator: It's the second link in the chat.
Moderator: Yeah.
P31: There you go! I'm good. Got it!
Moderator: Okay, great. I just want to circle back and reconfirm. Are you comfortable? If we wanted to use a video clip of our session to share with our Va. Partners removing any identifying information.
P31: Definitely definitely. Yeah, I'm I'm perfectly comfortable with that.
Moderator: Okay, sounds good. Well, I really appreciate you. Taking the time to.
P31: There we go!
Moderator: Person.
Moderator: Thank you so much for rescheduling and making sure we got this done. It's really helpful.
P31: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much for letting me reschedule multiple times. That's very helpful, very helpful.
Moderator: Thank you. Yep. Lastly, Perigan, who sent you the invite to this session, will be sending you a Thank you email that will include a blurb in it that you can pass on to other veterans and caregivers. If you know anyone who might want to participate in research studies like this.
P31: Oh, good! Good! That's perfect!
Moderator: That's it. Thank you so much, Robin. I hope you have a great rest of your day, and a good weekend.
P31: You, too. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. Bye.